APP Design:

1.Birthday reminder and Subscription reminder date both are 15-03-2020,
2. Take current date as input from the user in format dd-mm-yyyy.
3. Date and Month of the Birthday is significant for the  for birthday notification.All date,month and year is required for subscription    	reminder.Save the input in date format.
4. Using Datetime Module
        3.1 Fetch current date and day.
        3.2 Fetch day and month from the birthday date.
	3.3Fetch date,month and year from subscription date.
4. Notification Message:
        4.1 If the current month is same as birthday month : Calculate the days.
                     4.1.1   If the difference between Birthday and Current date is Positive : Print ‘Number of  days’ from now.
                     4.1.2   If the difference between Birthday and Current date is Negative : Print ‘Number of  days’ Ago.

        This same functionality can be used to remind about the subscription (1st January 2020 to 31st March 2020)
                     -> If the months are different, print the month and days remaining or month and days to go.



        4.2 If the current month and  birthday month are different : Calculate the month
                     4.2.1   If the difference between Birthday month and Current Month is Positive : Print ‘Number of  months’ from now.
 	         4.2.2   If the difference between Birthday month and Current month is Negative : Print ‘Number of months’ Ago.

        This same functionality can be used to remind about the subscription (From April 1st 2020 onwards)
                     -> Consider the notification is for 15-03-2021 subscription, calculate the month gap and print the notification.

5.Print Current date(input), day and notification according to The current date Along the day and month of the birthday(which is fixed).
  Print Current date(input), day and notification according to The current date Along the day and month of the Subscription(which is fixed).

Test cases:
<-->Birthday Reminder App<--> 

1. This Month  :  All dates of the birthday month.(Boundary values and nearby dates are important).
2. Birthday : Test case on the same day as birthday. 
3. Easy Test cases : Some dates from different months (January to December)
4. Previous Month : Test cases for next month of the given birthday month.

Test cases:
<-->Subscription Reminder App<--> 

1. Easy Month  :  Some dates from April to December 2020.
2. Subscribe : Test case on the same day as Subscribed. 
3. Next year cases : Some dates from month january to march 2021.
4. Previous Months : Some dates from the month january to march 2020.

Modifications in Birthday Reminder app so that it can work for the subscription reminder app:
1. After the month of the subscription date, notification should refer to next year subscription date.
2. If the current date is same as as subscription date(given) , then also notification should refer to next year date.
3. The months January-February calculation of months with notification "number of months from now".
4. The month March has 2 case 1. Before the subscription date.."number of days from now", after the date..."number of days ago(due date)"
